README.md, before:

# Nextech - Your Source for Premium Computer Components and Systems

Welcome to Nextech, where we specialize in providing high-quality computer components and fully built systems tailored to meet your needs. Whether you're a gamer seeking top-tier hardware or a professional in search of reliable office setups and laptops, Nextech offers a diverse range of products to elevate your computing experience. From CPUs and GPUs to custom-built gaming PCs and office workstations, we prioritize quality, performance, and customer satisfaction. Explore our catalog and take the next step in enhancing your computing journey with Nextech.

The live project can be accessed [here](https://nextech-5db9177526a4.herokuapp.com/)

<p align="center">
    <img src="documentation/other/am-i-responsive-img.png"/>
</p>

## Index – Table of Contents

* [UI/UX](#uiux)
* [Agile Development](#agile-development)
* [User Stories](#user-stories)
* [Database Structure](#database-structure)
* [Wireframes](#wireframes)
* [Features](#features)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)
* [Known Bugs](#known-bugs)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## UI/UX

### Design Overview
The primary objective of the website is to offer users a curated selection of products tailored to the needs of computer enthusiasts. With an intuitive design at its core, our platform prioritizes simplicity and ease of navigation. Products are prominently displayed across various pages, encouraging users to explore further, while bold colors are strategically used to enhance visibility and attract attention. The commitment to seamless user experience is evident in every aspect of the site, with effortless accessibility and self-explanatory features. On-screen feedback messages are employed to guide users effectively, ensuring a smooth and enjoyable browsing experience.

### Colour Scheme

The color scheme of the site was carefully selected to create a visually appealing and cohesive user experience. Rich black serves as the primary color for all text elements throughout the site, ensuring clear readability and a sleek aesthetic. It is also strategically employed alongside other blue buttons to accentuate differences between various interactive elements. Complementing the richness of black, white is utilized for the site background, providing a clean canvas for content and enhancing contrast. Additionally, white is applied to icons and text displayed on blue or black backgrounds, ensuring optimal visibility and legibility across all interfaces.

In terms of accent colors, Chrysler Blue takes center stage in the navigation menu, adding a pop of vibrancy and guiding users seamlessly through different sections of the site. This bold hue also doubles as a hover effect on Palatinate Blue buttons, enhancing interactivity and user engagement. Chrysler Blue is also applied to the prices of products, making them stand out more and catching the attention of users browsing through the offerings on the site. Palatinate Blue serves as the predominant color for most buttons on the site, offering a harmonious blend of sophistication and functionality. Finally, Periwinkle adds a touch of softness and elegance as the background color for product cards, providing a pleasant backdrop for showcasing the curated selection of products. Together, these carefully chosen colors contribute to a visually appealing and intuitive browsing experience for users.

[Coolors.co](https://coolors.co/) was used to generate the images of the colour palettes below.

#### Site Colour Pallet

<p align="center">
    <img src="documentation/other/nextech-color-scheme.png"/>
</p>

- `#050316` used for text elements and buttons.
- `#FBFBFE` used for site background and text on dark backgrounds.
- `#2F27CE` used for site nav and hover effect.
- `#DDDBFF` used for product card backgrounds.
- `#443DFF` used for buttons.


### Fonts & Icons
- The 'Poppins' font was used for all text on the site. 

This font was sourced from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).

- <img src="documentation/other/icons/arrow-up-solid.svg" width="50" height="50"> icon used back to top button.

Icons sourced from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

Commit message:

Update UI/UX icon documentation

README.md, after:

# Nextech - Your Source for Premium Computer Components and Systems

Welcome to Nextech, where we specialize in providing high-quality computer components and fully built systems tailored to meet your needs. Whether you're a gamer seeking top-tier hardware or a professional in search of reliable office setups and laptops, Nextech offers a diverse range of products to elevate your computing experience. From CPUs and GPUs to custom-built gaming PCs and office workstations, we prioritize quality, performance, and customer satisfaction. Explore our catalog and take the next step in enhancing your computing journey with Nextech.

The live project can be accessed [here](https://nextech-5db9177526a4.herokuapp.com/)

<p align="center">
    <img src="documentation/other/am-i-responsive-img.png"/>
</p>

## Index – Table of Contents

* [UI/UX](#uiux)
* [Agile Development](#agile-development)
* [User Stories](#user-stories)
* [Database Structure](#database-structure)
* [Wireframes](#wireframes)
* [Features](#features)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)
* [Known Bugs](#known-bugs)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## UI/UX

### Design Overview
The primary objective of the website is to offer users a curated selection of products tailored to the needs of computer enthusiasts. With an intuitive design at its core, our platform prioritizes simplicity and ease of navigation. Products are prominently displayed across various pages, encouraging users to explore further, while bold colors are strategically used to enhance visibility and attract attention. The commitment to seamless user experience is evident in every aspect of the site, with effortless accessibility and self-explanatory features. On-screen feedback messages are employed to guide users effectively, ensuring a smooth and enjoyable browsing experience.

### Colour Scheme

The color scheme of the site was carefully selected to create a visually appealing and cohesive user experience. Rich black serves as the primary color for all text elements throughout the site, ensuring clear readability and a sleek aesthetic. It is also strategically employed alongside other blue buttons to accentuate differences between various interactive elements. Complementing the richness of black, white is utilized for the site background, providing a clean canvas for content and enhancing contrast. Additionally, white is applied to icons and text displayed on blue or black backgrounds, ensuring optimal visibility and legibility across all interfaces.

In terms of accent colors, Chrysler Blue takes center stage in the navigation menu, adding a pop of vibrancy and guiding users seamlessly through different sections of the site. This bold hue also doubles as a hover effect on Palatinate Blue buttons, enhancing interactivity and user engagement. Chrysler Blue is also applied to the prices of products, making them stand out more and catching the attention of users browsing through the offerings on the site. Palatinate Blue serves as the predominant color for most buttons on the site, offering a harmonious blend of sophistication and functionality. Finally, Periwinkle adds a touch of softness and elegance as the background color for product cards, providing a pleasant backdrop for showcasing the curated selection of products. Together, these carefully chosen colors contribute to a visually appealing and intuitive browsing experience for users.

[Coolors.co](https://coolors.co/) was used to generate the images of the colour palettes below.

#### Site Colour Pallet

<p align="center">
    <img src="documentation/other/nextech-color-scheme.png"/>
</p>

- `#050316` used for text elements and buttons.
- `#FBFBFE` used for site background and text on dark backgrounds.
- `#2F27CE` used for site nav and hover effect.
- `#DDDBFF` used for product card backgrounds.
- `#443DFF` used for buttons.


### Fonts & Icons
- The 'Poppins' font was used for all text on the site. 

This font was sourced from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).

- Up Arrow icon used back to top button.
- Shopping Cart icon used for cart navigation items.
- Chevron Left used for back buttons.
- Chevron Right used for newsletter submit button.
- Hastag used for categories on product cards.
- Star used for product ratings.
- Lock used for checkout buttons.
- Mangifying Glass used for search functions.
- Rotate Right Arrow used for update product buttons.
- Trash Can used for delete product from cart buttons.
- User icon used for user profile
- Bars icon used for mobile navigation dropdown.

Icons sourced from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
